Former US President Barack Obama has strongly criticised his successor Donald Trump over his response to the coronavirus crisis.
In a private call, he called the US handling of the pandemic "an absolute chaotic disaster".
Obama has said he wants to play a larger role supporting Joe Biden in the presidential election in November.
His new remarks were made in a call meant to encourage former staff to work for Biden's campaign, CNN reports.
"It would have been bad even with the best of government," he was quoted as saying in the call. "It has been an absolute chaotic disaster when that mindset - of 'what's in it for me' and 'to heck with everybody else' - when that mindset is operationalised in our government."
France has recorded its lowest daily number of coronavirus deaths for more than a month, with 80 deaths over the past 24 hours.
There has also been a drop in the number of patients admitted to intensive care.
The increase in deaths on Friday was 243, and 178 the day before that.
France is lifting several restrictions on Monday, with some schools reopening and people allowed to travel up to 100km (62 miles) from their homes without getting permission.
The country has had the fifth highest amount of coronavirus-related deaths in the world: more than 26,000.A spokesman for the South African presidency has defended the government's decision to maintain the lockdown, saying coronavirus continued to pose a grave threat to the country.
The opposition Democratic Alliance has been arguing that there is no reason for the measures to continue. It's gone to court to try to force the government to release the minutes of all meetings about the lockdown.
John Steenhuisen, the DA's interim leader, said decisions were shrouded in secrecy as were being made by a small group of ministers.
The country's lockdown began at the end of March. Food shops are open, but alcohol and cigarette sales are banned.
Health officials in Ghana have said more than 500 workers at an industrial facility have tested positive for coronavirus, as the total number of cases jumped by nearly 30% in a single day.
The facility has not been named but it has more than 1,300 workers.
More than 4,000 people in Ghana are known to have the virus - the highest number in West Africa - and 18 people have died. However, Ghana has conducted by far the most tests of any nation in the region.
The jump in new coronavirus cases in Ghana comes just days after the head of public health said infections had reached a peak.
Tesla boss Elon Musk has threatened to move operations of his electric car firm away from California because of coronavirus restrictions.
Almeda County, where Tesla's main US plant is, said the company did not meet its local criteria for re-opening manufacturing on Friday.
Responding in a series of Twitter conversations on Saturday, Musk said he was "immediately" filing a lawsuit over their actions, which he said violated "our constitutional freedoms" and "common sense".
He also insisted his company's experience in China meant it knew "far more" than local officials about safety restrictions.
California has recorded more than 2,600 deaths from the virus, one of the highest rates in the US.
A key question about Covid-19 is why men appear to be more at risk of serious illness than women.
NHS England and King’s College London (KCL) are investigating if the answer lies partly with the hormone oestrogen.
Menopause specialist Dr Louise Newson says it may provide a protective role in fighting the disease.
She has teamed up with a team at KCL running a Covid-19 tracker app. The researchers have expanded their symptom tracker to look at whether oestrogen may influence outcomes.
More than three million people are currently using the app in the UK.
Dr Newson says women have an ability to fight viruses a lot more efficiently than men, and that the cells that fight infections have oestrogen receptors on them.
“This means they respond to oestrogen, and oestrogen can re-programme these cells, make them more effective and increase their number”, she says.
